"To be ashamed of one's immorality is a step on the ladder at the end of which one is ashamed also of one's morality."
"One should part from life as Ulysses parted from Nausicaa--blessing it rather than in love with it."
"He who despises himself, nevertheless esteems himself thereby, as a despiser."
"If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs."
"Whoever has seen deeply into the world has doubtless divined what wisdom there is in the fact that men are superficial. It is their preservative instinct which teaches them to be flighty, lightsome, and false."
"man is THE ANIMAL NOT YET PROPERLY ADAPTED TO HIS ENVIRONMENT"
"There is perhaps nothing so admirable in Christianity and Buddhism as their art of teaching even the lowest to elevate themselves by piety to a seemingly higher order of things, and thereby to retain their satisfaction with the actual world in which they find it difficult enough to live--this very difficulty being necessary."
religions, in their pity, in their desire to help the poor and the sick, "have preserved too much THAT WHICH SHOULD HAVE PERISHED"
morality "has been a prejudice, perhaps a prematureness or preliminariness, probably something of the same rank as astrology and alchemy, but in any case something which must be surmounted."
"The surmounting of morality, in a certain sense even the self-mounting of morality—let that be the name for the long-secret labour which has been reserved for the most refined, the most upright, and also the most wicked consciences of today, as the living touchstones of the soul."
"What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil."
"Objection, evasion, joyous distrust, and love of irony are signs of health; everything absolute belongs to pathology."
"He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster. And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee."
"A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at six or seven great men.—Yes, and then to get round them."
"Our loathing of dirt may be so great as to prevent our cleaning ourselves—"justifying" ourselves."
"The great epochs of our life are at the points when we gain courage to rebaptize our badness as the best in us."
"Under peaceful conditions the militant man attacks himself."
"The degree and nature of a man's sensuality extends to the highest altitudes of his spirit."
"One must subject oneself to one's own tests that one is destined for independence and command, and do so at the right time."