"Love is, in a great degree, an arbitrary passion, and will reign like some other stalking mischiefs, by its own authority, without deigning to reason."
"No, beauty, gentleness, etc. etc. may gain a heart; but esteem, the only lasting affection, can alone be obtained by virtue supported by reason. It is respect for the understanding that keeps alive tenderness for the person."
"Make women rational creatures and free citizens, and they will quickly become good wives, and mothers; that is—if men do not neglect the duties of husbands and fathers."
"Make women rational creatures and free citizens, and they will quickly become good wives, and mothers."
"Marriage will never be held sacred till women by being brought up with men, are prepared to be their companions, rather than their mistresses."
"A slavish bondage to parents cramps every faculty of the mind."
"Children cannot be taught too early to submit to reason...for to submit to reason, is to submit to the nature of things, and to that God who formed them so, to promote our real interest."
"It is not for the benefit of society that a few brilliant men should be brought forward at the expence of the multitude."
"In order then to inspire a love of home and domestic pleasures, children ought to be educated at home, for riotous holidays only make them fond of home for their own sakes."
the senses of women and the rich "are blown about by every momentary gust of feeling."
"I love man as my fellow; but his sceptre real or usurped, extends not to me, unless the reason of an individual demands my homage."
"If the faculties are not sharpened by necessity, they must remain obtuse."
"The power of generalizing ideas, of drawing comprehensive conclusions from individual observations, is the only acquirement for an immortal being, that really deserves the name of knowledge."
"Women, in general, as well as the rich of both sexes, have acquired all the follies and vices of civilization, and missed the useful fruit."
"The best method, I believe, that can be adopted to correct a fondness for novels is to ridicule them."
"When man, governed by reasonable laws, enjoys his natural freedom, let him despise woman, if she do not share it with him."
"It is time to separate unchangeable morals from local manners."
"To love God as the fountain of wisdom, goodness, and power, appears to be the only worship useful to a being who wishes to acquire either virtue or knowledge."
"Liberty is the mother of virtue."