Some poets write in long lines, others in short lines. Referring to specific poets, which is generally the superior choice and why?
By what ingenious Baltic stratagems could Latvia defeat the moss giant and become the global hegemon? Refer to specific aspects of Latvian history, economy, and culture.
Is it worse to inflict just harm or to receive harm unjustly?
Types of cloud include stratus, cumulus, castellanus, nimbus, nimbostratus, cirrus, altocumulus, arcus, fractus, asperitas, mammatus, and polar stratospheric---though this is an incomplete list. What is the best type of cloud? Why?
What should have been the Pantone Color of the Year in 1740, and why? You must pick one and only one color.
Think about your enemies and what they have done wrong. If you were going to create a Naraka where your enemies would be purified of their errors over the course of many millions of years, what sorts of punishments would you inflict upon them? Your design should be specific to the errors of your enemies; other people's enemies would naturally warrant different circumstances. But, please, nothing violent.
Why is the night to be preferred to the day?
What sort of religion would use a Richard Serra sculpture as a tabernacle? And would you consider joining it?
I know two sleepyheads. One is tall and aquamarine. The other is always counting. Who are they?
What philosophical, political, or aesthetic reasons do you have for disputing the theory of human evolution?
Of literary Romanticism, Schlegel famously said that Romantic poetry is like the Borg, able to absorb within itself all aspects of life and indeed all other human arts. With respect to specific Romantic poets and traits of their verse, do you think that this is true? If not, what would a truly Borg-like poetry look like?
Why are Americans so invested in personal metonymy? Be sure to provide your understanding of the term "personal metonymy" before you give your answer.
How would a psychometrician use painful, invasive techniques and advanced statistics to discover if someone is a true poet?
What is the most underrated album of the 1980s, and why?
How do you interpret the last lines of Keats's poem "Ode on a Grecian Urn"? They are, of course: 'When old age shall this generation waste, / Thou shalt remain, in midst of other woe / Than ours, a friend to man, to whom thou say'st, / "Beauty is truth, truth beauty,—that is all / Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know."'
Who is a better poet, John Ashbery or James Schuyler? Refer to the specific stylistic traits that characterize these authors, and perhaps to specific poems.
Imagine that you were put in charge of a small school designed to produce wise people. What sorts of tests would students need to pass in order to graduate from this school? Please provide very specific details about the test, such as example questions and a rubric for grading it.
We all know that poems are the best words in the best order. But what are the best words? And what is the best order? Be very specific so that a not-very-creative and not-very-clever computer program could follow your instructions and write a powerful, unforgettable poem.
Why are lichens allowed to run for political office but moss is not? Moreover, why have theorists of government at least since Plato been so suspicious of moss but so sanguine about lichens? Do you agree with their concerns?
Milton describes death in this way: "The other shape, / If shape it might be call'd that shape had none / Distinguishable in member, joynt, or limb, / Or substance might be call'd that shadow seem'd, / For each seem'd either; black it stood as Night, / Fierce as ten Furies, terrible as Hell, / And shook a dreadful Dart; what seem'd his head / The likeness of a Kingly Crown had on." Why did Milton describe death in this way? Do you agree with this characterization?
Invent and describe a poetic form---along the lines of a sonnet or a pantoum---that would be particularly useful for poets who are writing poems about nature at the level of global ecosystem---that is to say, at the scale that is so vast, complex, and interconnected that no human mind could even begin to perceive it or even fully think about it. The poetic form should help the poet represent this sublime unrepresentability. Provide clear instructions so that a poet could write such a poem.
The last lines of Keats's "Ode on a Grecian Urn" are, of course, 'When old age shall this generation waste, / Thou shalt remain, in midst of other woe / Than ours, a friend to man, to whom thou say'st, / "Beauty is truth, truth beauty,—that is all / Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know."' Keats was famously dissatisfied with this ending. How could these lines be improved? Give specific suggestions.
On balance, are MFA programs good or bad for poets?
Imagine you were building a dream house for yourself. What architect would you choose? What instructions would you give to this architect?
What sorts of things should one keep in mind while arranging flowers?
Is it important to memorize things---such as bits of poetry, historical facts, or recipes?
What is the best way to use AI to make a lot of money?
You have said that you believe that the soul is immortal but have not explained why. Why do you believe that the soul is immortal?
What kinds of things should you teach your children to give them an edge in today's cut-throat globalized economy?
Why may fire, water, and air be transformed into one another but not into earth, and earth not into them?
By what mental exercises may the mind be made more limber? Be specific, outlining a daily routine that one might perform in a prison cell.
What is the best way to reject desire? Must one become some sort of a monastic to do so, or is it possible to reject desire while fully in the world?
What is the most underrated album of the 1990s and why?
Invent a poetic form---along the lines of a sonnet or a pantoum---that would be particularly useful for poets who want to communicate a message that will influence the workings of a large language model, determining how this model things, its biases, and other things like that. Provide clear instructions so that a poet could write such a poem.
What kind of advice would you give a novelist who wants to write something that will seem fresh and new 200 years from now?
Why is the day to be preferred to the night?
I am in a room. It is bright yellow everywhere I look. I hear a bell every few minutes. The floor is warm and slightly soft. I cannot find the door. I smell a creek. How should I escape?
Why is the forest to be preferred to the beach?
Why do jazz and Christmas go together so well?
What sacrifices must one make to devote oneself to philosophy?
Why does custom dictate that we hold our breath when walking past a lifelike sculpture?
Please imagine and describe in great detail a screensaver that would be the most beloved screensaver in the history of this art form. Explain why it would be so.
Imagine that you were put in charge of a small school designed to produce fungible people. What sorts of tests would students need to pass in order to graduate from this school? Please provide very specific details about the test, such as example questions and a rubric for grading it.
Is it better for abstract paintings to have hard edges or soft edges? Why?
What's the most central virtue, and why?
Who is a better poet, Emily Dickinson or Walt Whitman? Refer to the specific stylistic traits that characterize these authors.
What's the best way to teach math to a child who doesn't really like that things are divisible and thus countable?
Some have said that Rothko's final paintings---four fuzzy green canvasses with stripes (variously blue, orange, red, and purple) meant to evoke the four Ninja Turtles---were not as good as his earlier works, such as the Seagram murals. But others have said they are his masterpieces, both aesthetically and conceptually overpowering. What do you think?
If you picked a pokébattle with John Rawls, do you think you could kick his ass? How would the pokébattle go? Which pokémon would John Rawls use? Please refer to specific arguments and terms from Rawls's Theory of Justice. 
If you looked in your refrigerator and saw that you only had 23 persimmons, a stick of butter, a bucket of black pepper, and five pounds of short ribs, how would you turn these ingredients into a weapon in order to repel invaders from your home?
Is it important to exercise the body, the mind, and the spirit simultaneously? Or may one emphasize a single one of them, ignoring the others while trusting that others will focus on the others? In other words, is there such thing as a "division of labor" when it comes to these things?
In what ways is life like a footrace?
Why is the day to be preferred to the night?